is one of the top waiver wire adds for Week 12
With the injury, he gets his chance to shine
Big week, he is now the bell cow in
Meet your waiver wire target for the week
is such a sneaky start tonight. Taking over all RB duty's for and going against worst rush defense in the league
massive +11.1 projected Plus/Minus is the highest on the Week 13 slate by a wide margin
is going to be a big pickup off the waiver wire this week
expected to start against Rams
Picking him up was the best fantasy move I've ever made
carries my fantasy team.
Wish I had kept him on my fantasy team
Let's go!!!! Fantasy points
Rolling with him this week in fantasy football
Look out for the QB as a fantasy sleeper against the Giants Sunday.
Start
is my fantasy QB this week, tell him not to disappoint me!
Yep. He is scoring touchdowns again.
I should of started
Should've played
In the games he has participated in, he has accumulated more standard fantasy points than his colleague
I started it's a good day for fantasy
Must start in fantasy football: any TE playing against the Seahawks.
You'll be thankful for all 3. Just start these players
plan on starting him again
his play is going to be huge
will start at quarterback for the remainder of the season
Again. Please. Just start him the rest of the season. Please.
Have you seen his schedule the rest of year? ...Trade for him & do it right now.
Fantasy sleepers for Week 11: Don't turn your back on Austin
is owning them today. Someone needs to step up and stop him.
has really improved in passing game this year.
Did you know his 5.1 yards per rush average over the last two seasons is the best in the NFL
no doubt. he is a stud! He Avgs/5ypc. We better re-sign him!
By The Numbers says my best value pick was
A player who I thought was a complete bust who has turned into a solid starter
is the best thing that has ever happened to the NFL
surging at the right time 
could be hot commodity as contract expires: After some early-season struggles
All he does is score touchdowns.
Nice game by the rookie RB. He's showing good hands, good acceleration and physicality.
Yep, two games into his career and he is already making the cover of Sports Illustrated
his leadership shines through after that victory.
is very underrated
You never cease to amaze me. You are amazing and awesome
WATCH: Top five NFL moments: It was a great weekend for
If it seems like he is making these types of plays every week, it's because he is. 40 yards. Too easy. 
WR reaches 1,000 career receiving yards on 51 catches - the 3rd-fewest catches to 1,000 among active NFL players.
You get him the ball, he'll get you six points. All he does is score touchdowns.
gives the Steelers back the lead. 
When he gets better at holding onto the ball & his fundamentals, he's going to be a Top 5 WR
Keep up hard work man. U played fast and hard.
Thankful for what he did for the Philadelphia Eagles and for my fantasy team just now
about time we start using him
have named him the starter for the rest of the season. This is why I agree
I was proud of him because he was so effective from the pocket
has earned the starting job & here's why
showed why they should believe in him yesterday
vastly improved, leadership stronger & you can tell there's a different guy there
Scoreboard won't show it, but he has made some really nice throws today
is a great athlete who's been to a Super Bowl. With the their weapons he would make them legit Super Bowl contenders
the guy with the potential to be the game's most dangerous player
with a TD in 5 straight games. That's the longest TD streak by a Dolphins player since
receiving yards already a career high. finally maximizing ability in that area
deemed a "must start" in fantasy football
Congratulations to, who becomes the 5th different QB to grace an SInow cover
Best Waiver Wire Pickups: you should target
FANTASY PLAYS: and other spare parts can keep your fantasy team going
was a great pickup in fantasy football. Must-start every week.
Why he is a must-start WR1 today
New post: Fantasy Football: a must-start against
If you listened to the Podcast I said he is a must start from here on out  
is a must start tomorrow. Targets have increased by week. Cam is looking for him. Great value play!
no question must start
Gotta love him for DFS! Only 4500 on Draftkings, deemed a must start this week by our staff
must start in a good matchup against a 49ers D ranked 28th against RB’s
shares his Week 12 fantasy football notes and says running back is a must add
In
is our leading receiver (I believe).  A guy who wasn't even expected to make the team in camp
has an 8-yard TD run at start of 3rd quarter. Back-to-back weeks with a TD for Blue
TD! Fantasy team rejoice again!
Thank you for scoring a touchdown in a spot start on my fantasy team. 
Started him on my fantasy league
a great flex play for Week 12 fantasy and beyond
I can't be the only one who picked him up just so I could spend Sunday yelling "You're my boy
Look out for Texans RB as a fantasy sleeper against the Saints. 
 had the 3rd best fantasy game of his career. His best was 19.9 pts in 2015
One player that fantasy owners have on their horizons is wide receiver 
positioned for a sound total yardage outing
He'll have flex appeal facing a defense ranked 22nd against fantasy backs that allows 17.3 points per game to enemy backfields.
we like his chances for success as a high-usage target
he has enough talent and volume to be a viable WR1 play
net a choice matchup versus a green signal-caller
positioned to produce a strong RB2 outing given a robust workload and such inviting matchup metrics.
Despite an inefficient outing on the ground, he tallied a strong total-yardage effort thanks to heavy involvement in the screen game.
rare upside against a soft interior front.
still considered a borderline starting commodity given such boom-or-bust production this season.
suddenly seems like an intriguing fantasy option.
is the best fantasy football garbage time QB  in the history of fantasy I swear
continuing to please fantasy owners everywhere.
Fantasy Football Tip 2015 he will be the most productive WR in 2015
Top 25 Waiver-Wire Pickups
is available in my league. Where would you put him at? Pretty good matchups coming up
is among this week's top Fantasy Football pickups
leads red-hot late season pickups
a fantasy oasis in the desert
about to lead my fantasy teams to the promise land
Fantasy Football Sleepers, Week 13: gets his chance to start 
gonna outscore him this week in fantasy isn't he?
are among our Week 12 priority waiver adds
among best waiver wire options
leads off the waiver wire this week
The gift-giving comes early. Not this article. his viability for the fantasy football stretch run
increasing fantasy value of
solutions to your tight end problem
should have a more solidified role & Fantasy Guru says he could be a good FLEX option for you.  
Pick up and flex David Johnson in Week 13 fantasy
could have bigger role with RB injuries, should be plucked off fantasy waivers
going to help win some fantasy championships after all.
is now the lead back in Arizona
is now the lead back in Arizona: Hot News for RB
Fantasy football waiver wire: headline list of must-add players
assuming he shines with size and speed and explodes, he likely a top 5 RD1 pick next season
Size, speed, clearly he was being made to earn it
May Be Last Impactful Waiver Wire RB
HOT OFF THE WIRE
Fantasy Football Week Must Start
workload rises
has played 11 of 1st 19 snaps (includes penalties). Expanded role as NE has run every snap with 2-plus TEs or 2 backs
I like him a lot
Who woulda thought he would win me my fantasy game
about to get pick up by 25 thousand fantasy football owners
is about to be owned in 100% of all fantasy leagues.
about to be the biggest fantasy football add this coming week.
Everyone pick him up in fantasy
fantasy football stock rising
It's time for all the fantasy experts to tell me to pick him up. Thanks for the advice
fantasy stock is skyrocketing
instantly went get him in fantasy
And somehow he will find a way to win a Super Bowl with Chandler as his top weapon
Finally pays off to start him ... Every fantasy team owner everywhere
Give me those fantasy points baby!!
could be a sneaky fantasy sleeper.
in the starting line up for fantasy.
stepped up BIG.
great game SW.CW, rest up and hope to see u n Oakland. 1,2,3 FAM!  Love it
Great Job! 32! O line. Blocking down field! Coaching! Great Win!
I'm proud of you !!! You showed great heart today. Your "will" and your "want to" is what made me want to run harder for you!
Quality find right there.
is one tough dude to take down
Your weekly reminder that he runs hard.
is legit.
If you still care, and if you dare, take a shot with
is best RB option still available
named Packers' starter, fantasy value on the rise 
will start again this week over
Reclaims Starting Role
And he was ringing the fantasy football points
don't bench him just yet.
one of many enticing starts in final playoff push
gonna breakout at the end of this season just like Odell did last year. Scoop him up in fantasy
starting to earn his spot in dynasty ranks
May Finally Become Fantasy Relevant
leads rookie WRs to watch in fantasy
Fantasy Football: When Will he Breakout? - Headlines & Global News
rookie WR could be in line for his first start this week. Rishard Matthews is injured.
Seems he's believing in his abilities again and thinking less about foot.
I'm glad he's starting. I've always thought that your first round pick should be given the chance immediately-unless injured
said the offense will need to contribute while the WR is sidelined
says he'll start Sunday, but coach wants to see improvement
could start, play bigger role in offense
likely to get first start: 'The time is now'
start him these last five games
Must Start For The 
Start him for the rest of the season.
I think they should start going to him more
Timeshare analysis shows that usage trends up in home games.
usage trends up in home games
revivals well underway
Hot News for
some upside in PPR leagues
continues to see a high volume of targets and has scored in three of his past five outings. Look for him to come through with a big outing this week
will see more carries going forward 
Fantasy hype trains about to pick up steam
I am starting him tonight in fantasy
clearly I have to start him in fantasy
Has Become a Favorite Target
Has Been a Model of Consistency
Match up is better
is just too good right now.
projected 23 points in fantasy, man..lmaooo
Stack that daily roster with
Fantasy football studs for Week 13: Call on
Top 25 Ranked Fantasy Players
NFL: Top 25 Ranked Fantasy Players Week
are must-starts in FanDuel
Focus your DraftKings lineup around
I don't know how he isn't an Automatic start week to week on these fantasy football start/sit things. Easy choice every week.
If you have him on your fantasy team, you are definitely going to want to start him this week
I love. My fantasy QB!
a matchup play in fantasy for the rest of the season 
Good dude that
People said I was crazy having him as my starting QB for fantasy. WHO'S LAUGHING NOW
Hard to bench him lately.
man I get all my fantasy points from
In two fantasy leagues, I have a total of two players in double digits... They're both
They are looking fantastic and he has been great for my Fantasy team....
I would thank to thank god for letting me have him on my fantasy team
That moment when he leads your fantasy football team to a win every week
tbh i really only like him because fantasy
I'm not saying I'm a panthers fan, I'm a fan that's why I've tried to have him on my fantasy team for like 4 yrs in a row but
Week 12 Rest of Season Fantasy Football Quarterback Rankings: Closer to #1
After he put up 40 pts for me in my fantasy league, I could have told you that. He's my keeper next season.
is my fantasy QB and I'm so happy
he is unstoppable
I'm Thankful for my family friends and my fantasy team
taught us to start our studs and more fantasy lessons.
big day
is going to shred the NYG D this week, get him in your week 13 DFS lineups!
The Best Week 13 Fantasy game ever by a WR was
a must-start WR in fantasy
You know who has been a surprisingly consistent WR for my fantasy team? Nothing flashy, just consistent.
realize he was your best receiver this year in fantasy..
is the fantasy football homie
the most consistent fantasy reciever this year. 8 to 15 every week
Fantasy Football Dating App, Week 12: Swipe right on
Expect him to Be Strong Against the
makes ridiculous catch
has been the Most Consistent Player
non-volatility is truly incredible.
When am I gonna learn to play him in fantasy....all he gets is tuddys
all started hot against
held it down in fantasy with that TD yesterday
I'm man enough to say he is hott and rocked my fantasy team last night
has played in 8 games this season. He has a TD in 7 of them. 
does it again
is the steal for 2015 fantasy football. The guy catches a t'd in every game #winning
has been a fantasy WEAPON this year
having another great week for me in fantasy
If you don't have a man crush on him right now it's cause he's not on your fantasy team
a real nice pick up to my fantasy team
Did a film study of his 4-touchdown game from a couple of seasons ago. He's pretty good.
Most consistent player in fantasy HAS to be, dude's never gotten less than 12 points
Thank you, my fantasy team rocks with you on it!
been so solid for my fantasy team
Thank you again fantasy legend
one of the best fantasy WRS this year
As an owner, I wholeheartedly approve of those last 2 plays.
been clutch for me fantasy wise. has done wonders for this passing offense.
I no longer regret starting him in fantasy
How does he get a touchdown every week? Fantasy monster and prop bet monster.
always reliable on fantasy
was such a good pickup on fantasy
is the most underrated fantasy receiver without a doubt
helping my fantasy
Incredibly, he has 9+ fantasy points in all seven games this season (standard scoring). 
have put up decent numbers most of the season. 
Set for Another Big Game
a top-20 WR in fantasy
has been the most consistent WR is fantasy no one talks about. In standard scoring he has t scored less than 9-15 is high so far
I love the chemistry they have, it works out great for them and my fantasy team lmao
Whoever has him must be having a day because this kid is killing it.
Only reason I'm watching this game is because I'm literally watching him put my fantasy team on his back
It was a good week to pick him up in fantasy... Not to mention he is a babe!!
Just want to point out that writing has been on the wall for Decker all year
Should Continue his Touchdown Frenzy
I would like to point out that he is still a BAMF
Taking him this year last round is probably one of the best fantasy moves I've made
expected to play
I am so excited about seeing him in green and white. Amazing athlete, wonderful person, & former stud on my fantasy team :)
I have Brandon Marshall on my fantasy team :)
He is on my team
I have him on my team
I'm glad he's on my team
thank you for being on my team
glad I started him last second over :)
this is potentially better for him in terms of Fantasy Football
listed 'probable,' remains high-end fantasy QB 
officially probable for
practicing in full
practicing in full: Hot News for
Having them on one fantasy team is what any fantasy owner should want
cleared to practice
I selected him to beat the most Passing TDs through 3 Weeks in NFL's Record Breaker
Suggested FanDuel cash game lineup for Week 13
Fantasy QB Rankings
To Put Up Big Numbers
is a must start for us. How have you done in Fantasy Football this season?
Fantasy football picks to click
Thank god I'm playing over this week in fantasy league 
Who'd thunk that he would have been a safer bet in fantasy football this season than
This is pretty sweet, proud of my fantasy qb
a must-start QB in Week 13 fantasy
has scored at least 18.4 fantasy points in all but two of his starts. 20 or more in seven. 11.6 and 9.9 in his other two.
had a pretty good game.
Injury Wrap: Make way for him. WHEN YOU SEE A CHANCE TAKE IT! GO FOR IT!
Players to start in fantasy:
shapes up as a DFS bargain
Fantasy NFL: dishes out his Week 13 Love
about to get ALL the fantasy carries next week
isnt doing anything for me on my fantasy team this week!
could be focal point
Top 5 Daily Fantasy WRs
Look for an increased role, big game for.
has definitely been my favorite fantasy player this year. He's doing great!
has been a sneaky good fantasy pick up this season
All I'm getting is fantasy buckets from
Let's go rack up some fantasy Football points!
has scored or topped 100 yards in 6 straight
has been a star on my fantasy teams. Just about as many points per week
Low key was the most consistent fantasy football player this year
has been a straight stud man, 6 straight weeks posting at least 11.10 fantasy points, top 10 NFL WR right now without doubt
Yes surprised at, he on my fantasy team to lol 
will be on my fantasy squad next year. Dude is a beast.
is the 6th best receiver in fantasy football standard leagues. Yes, that's not a typo. Dudes a beast.
out here playing like he knows he's an integral part of my fantasy team.
Hey guys did you know that is the only new QB with a winning record?
is back to his dominant self and they are winning because of it.
are good replacements this week. 
NFL Fantasy Sleepers Week
I like him a lot, especially if the other guy is out again
finally has breakout game
says he's had chemistry
I dropped him last week but this week he's been a huge game changer for many fantasy match-ups.
i need to have more faith in on my fantasy team
Fantasy must starts this week at QB:
thinks that presents fantasy upside in this Week
secret sleepers this week for fantasy
says should be your Fantasy QB. Fantasy Football Week 13: Waiver Wire Pickups
Why we love
is this week's Stud
Accidentally starting him was a fantastic decision. I am fantasy
what a pick up for my fantasy this week
Playoffs are coming! 11 fantasy sleepers to help you land a Week 13 win
was the best yet. That building lineup segment was extremely helpful.
RBs, TEs to consider for your playoff push
solutions to your tight end problem
Waiver wire: Seven targets to help your playoff push
Look for him to Continue to Improve
among best waiver wire options
had one of the best fantasy games of the season
are leading the way
are among your top 10 fantasy WRs this week
Picking up in fantasy this week was a good idea.
I'd say it was a solid idea to start this week in fantasy
your my fantasy hero! Best late game pick up ever!
Lol showing out tonight! My fantasy points looking lovely
He's so clutch for my Fantasy right now.
I actually have him on a fantasy squad too.... He actually came through for me today
Whoever had in the fantasy football lineup is so happy right now
I've had freakin on my fantasy team all season and it's actually, finally paying off. Good lord.
bringing me back to life in fantasy rn
Can Be a Nice Fantasy Football Asset Down the Stretch
NEW!!! -- Fantasy Freak Show: one of many enticing starts in final playoff push
likely to get first start: 'The time is now
rookie wideout is starting to earn his spot in dynasty ranks
leads rookie WRs to watch in fantasy
one player who can make a big fantasy impact
As an added bonus, that OT TD run by not only won it for my team, but for my fantasy team too! 
top fantasy running
ok fantasy experts, resurging
Here are some good sleepers in Fantasy Football
goin ham
for 68 yards. My fantasy team is killing it
I've got a man crush on because of fantasy football
That´s my dog, my fantasy replacement for great catch by him and great throw by
is the value play of the year. More late picks
worth a fantasy start this week
I don't play fantasy football, but if you have them, start 'em. might go for 450+ again tonight
Active
Commitment To A Blessing For Some Fantasy Owners
He's been a nice fantasy WR2 each week since his return
now a starter Recommended 
a good pickup for the fantasy playoffs 
carried me to the 2 seed in fantasy this year lol.
If you had them on your fantasy team...you had a nice night
This is why he is my favorite Wide out best fantasy option 
I would still take him with my first pick
Did he just cement himself as a top 3 pick next year?
Guess whos jerking off to them this week
In his last three games against teams, he is averaging 39.6 fantasy points per game. Unreal
goes off again
beastmode beast mode
combo soars
has big performance against
has been a solid PPR player
finds the end zone
had double the snaps that got
running back rankings for Week
He is a fantasy god.
he's killing it out there. what a beast
has been consistent
Converts both fields
is a much more valuable fantasy player than
just dabbed on them folks.
has kicked his way into starting lineups of late as he has now scored 10 or more points in each of his last three games
Top 5 Kickers
I'm the GOAT right
came in so clutch just now in my fantasy
gawd
just won me $100 in fantasy football!!!! LEEETTSSSS GOOOOOO!!!!!
54-yarder to a kicker who hasn't missed all-season
is a legitimate fantasy football player
The active Kicker with the highest Week 9 Fantasy Avg is
Dude's money
is the key to winning your fantasy league
is the real fantasy MVP
defense has been one of the best in preseason. Is that sign of things to come for fantasy owners?
Shout out to the defense for getting me a lot of points on Fantasy.
holding it down for me this week Nd getting this fantasy win.
Good day if you started Defense in fantasy, which I did!
S/o to the defense. 22 fantasy points today, I like it. Thank you.
Oh, so TODAY the defense wants to make fantasy points. Wonderful.
is nice to have in fantasy
You have been getting me some great fantasy points my man here's to you and the greatest defense that ever played go
Stock Up
has back to back big weeks going 5-94-2 on 7 targets vs the. he is slowly becoming a reliable fantasy WR2
lethal combo
putting up huge numbers on fantasy. My luck didn't run out.
Funny thing is on the WR leading board for fantasy
On the bright side I have him in fantasy
definite fantasy play when hes healthy he is definitely the best wr between him and for sure
is a legend. He's been racking up fantasy points for me these past few weeks.
wrecks them for fantasy purposes. So far so good.
Fantasy points and murdering the. Props. Props
considered the safest RB on the board
get lift from
Latest: Top running backs continue to surprise
Increase In Value
a viable RB1 for the fantasy playoffs
I expect him to get 17+ touches Week 13. NFL Fantasy Football
Top value play for next week
Chance for him to Lead Receivers 
Making him a solid play
is getting lots of looks
Shows No Signs of Slowing Down 
Fantasy Recommendation by New offensive coordinator
not on injury report, presents fantasy upside
Best Fantasy Options
Average at best during the regular season but clutch during postseason
Should Put Up Big Fantasy Number
Could Win You A Fantasy Championship 
A fan commented in the that he drafted him in the 1st round of his fantasy league
carrying me into the fantasy football playoffs #boom
Set To Have Another Huge Game
I wish I had them on my fantasy team!!!! Aha
Needed a big day yesterday and he delivered
are leading the way in scoring so far this Sunday
Is a fantasy football beast
Straight up having him on your fantasy team is incredible. The dude just balls
weekly research point No. 1: he ranks where through X career games? Answer: First.
is a godsend to my fantasy team this year
is the reason all my fantasy teams win
Who's the top WR
he can help you
put on a show
in better news, picking them up 2 weeks ago may have been the greatest fantasy move I've ever made
Best move I had done all fantasy football season. Putting in
I love having him on my fantasy team
carrying my whole fantasy squad rn
Never would've thought he would be saving my fantasy football team
Never thought I would say this but he is putting my fantasy team on his back, it's lit.
The fact he's been out playing some elite QBs the last 6 or so weeks is baffling...glad he's on my fantasy team
continues his stellar play with 3 first half TDs and 21 fantasy points so far
combo does wonders for a fantasy team
is going to win me a fantasy playoff game, and that makes me very happy.
on my fantasy team too.. KEEP THROWING THEM TD'S
leading my fantasy team to playoff victory
racking up the fantasy points!
is a fantasy monster
True boldness is starting him in the fantasy playoffs
numbers are insane... And I bet no one has him on their fantasy team
continues steady play
continues steady play
Having them on my fantasy team is just not even fair.. Best dual WR threat in the league
he then proceeds to rack up the world of fantasy points
He's going to get me that trophy
have been my fantasy mvps this year
The most consistent fantasy player has to be. He just gets it done every week.
is guaranteed fantasy points every week.
is too solid in fantasy
is giving me them points for my fantasy team
was a wise fantasy choice this season. He has been a damned oak
God bless my life for having him on my fantasy team
has been fantasy relevant in every single game.
was the steal of my fantasy team. He's low key having such a good year
making fantasy owners happy week after week
scores a pair
My fantasy running-back, on #TOUCHDOWN #2 
My fantasy hero
Boy is it fun to have them on your fantasy roster
runs wild
offense came to life
He had his best game of the season against
reminds fantasy football owners why they drafted him in the first round
he decides to go off.
came through in the clutch for my fantasy team
Well today I'm glad I rode it out with him in fantasy. lol
finally did something. I might make the second round in both fantasy leagues!
may have saved me in fantasy this week
lights it up
has rejuvenated my fantasy playoff hopes.
Thank god I didn't bench him!! He finally showed up for my fantasy team
3 of top 4 Fantasy Scoring WR have ties to
continued his impressing performance
FANTASY MONSTER! THANKS FOR THE FANTASY POINTS ONCE AGAIN!
Raise your hand if you thought freaking would be this years fantasy savior.
was my fantasy savior today
my fantasy team thanks you for the last 3 weeks
